docs: document "got incomplete line before first line" warning in in_tail (#655)
fluent/fluentd-docs-gitbook: input/tail.md

This warning appears only when you use a multiline parser (a `<parse>` section with `@type multiline` and `format_firstline`). In multiline mode, `in_tail` starts buffering a record from the line that matches `format_firstline` and appends the following lines to it. If `in_tail` reads a continuation line before it has ever matched a first line, the line cannot be assembled into a complete event, so `in_tail` discards it and prints a warning like this for each such line:

```text
2023-01-01 00:00:00 +0900 [warn]: #0 got incomplete line before first line from /path/to/file: "    at Foo.bar(Foo.java:42)\n"
```

The common causes are:

* Reading starts in the middle of a record, for example right after a log rotation, or on startup when `read_from_head` is `false`. In this case the warning is temporary and harmless: only the incomplete head of the record at the starting position is skipped, and the subsequent complete records are processed normally.
* `format_firstline` does not match the actual first line of your records. Then no line ever becomes the start of a record, so the warning keeps appearing. Review the pattern.

> * A single `<parse>` section is shared, through a `path` glob, by files whose formats differ. Files that never match `format_firstline` keep producing this warning. Use a separate `in_tail` source for each format instead.

Reviewer: How about like this?

```suggestion
* If a single `<parse>` section is applied to files with different formats (for example, a `path` glob matches multiple file types), warnings will continue to be emitted for files that do not match `format_firstline`. Use a separate in_tail source for each format instead.
```
